I-Is this is...a genjutsu?
These guys are cleverly using each other's attacks to divert attention.
And I fell for it. Damn it!
Can't...move...
I killed him! I killed the guy!
Who's next?!
You're lying!
That's nonsense!
No, it can't be.
Stop joking around. Who'd believe that story?
It's not a lie. That's the truth about Itachi.
He died for Sasuke's sake and for the Hidden Leaf Village.
What does that mean?
Even if it is true, if Sasuke is aware of this,
why would he help the Akatsuki?
Knowing him, he would return to the Hidden Leaf to carry on Itachi's will.
As Sasuke's teacher and his friends,
you might have assumed you understood Sasuke's true feelings.
But you were badly mistaken.
He's the real thing. A true avenger. That's what he is.
Did you turn Sasuke into that?!
No, I didn't.
Sasuke chose this himself.
It's a lie!
I took a gamble too.
Would Sasuke carry on Itachi's wishes,
or would he seek revenge against the Hidden Leaf?
He chose vengeance.
In essence, he was meant to be on our side.
Sasuke's goal at this moment is to take revenge against the Hidden Leaf
for what they did to Itachi and the Uchiha Clan.
Why?
Why him?
Why did this happen?
How could he turn to revenge?!
It was inevitable.
It is the Uchiha Clan's blood-soaked destiny of hate.
Like a curse that has been passed down through the ages.
A curse?
Yes. A curse of hatred, which started generations ago
with the Sage of the Six Paths who is said to be the founder of the ninja.
The Sage of the Six Paths?
That's just a myth.
The Rinnegan was no more than a mutation!
Myths are born from truth.
Long ago, the Sage of the Six Paths preached the Ninshu
and tried to lead the way to peace.
But before he could realize his dream, time ran out.
The Sage of the Six Paths decided to entrust the power and will of the Ninshu
to his two children.
The older son was born with the Sage's eyes.
He inherited the Sage's chakra and mental energy,
and believed that strength was crucial to peace.
The younger son was born with the gift of the Sage's body.
He inherited the Sage's life force and physical energy,
and believed that love was crucial to peace.
Ultimately, the Sage was forced to choose his successor from his deathbed.
However, his decision
created a curse of hatred that has continued for generations.
What do you mean by that?
Instead of his older son, who sought strength,
the Sage felt that the younger son, who sought love,
was more suitable, and named him as his successor.
The firstborn, who had long expected to follow in his father's footsteps,
could not accept the decision.
Filled with rage, he challenged his younger brother.
Even as time passed and new generations were born,
the descendants of the two brothers, continued to battle.
The descendants of the older brother, came to be known as the Uchiha.
And the descendants of the younger brother were called the Senju.
As Madara Uchiha, my battle with the First Hokage, Hashirama Senju,
was destined to take place.
This is only the second time I've met you.
But I can tell that you hold the Senju's Will of Fire within you.
I can see the First Hokage inside you.
Even after death, he lives on.
He, whom I admired, yet he was my rival.
And the man I hated most.
The Senju and the Uchiha.
The Will of Fire and hatred.
Naruto and Sasuke.
You both will probably be the next chosen by fate.
The Uchiha was destined to be a clan of vengeance.
Sasuke has shouldered the entire burden of the Uchiha's hatred
and intends to strike the world with that curse.
It is the most powerful weapon.
It's his friend and source of power, this thing called hatred.
And it is Sasuke's Ninja Way!
Sasuke's Ninja Way
Chidori.
Elbow Bolt!
A thrust attack using the Lightning Style to increase force and penetration.
The same jutsu used by Kakashi Hatake!
I wear Lightning Style armor, yet you actually touched me.
That is some jutsu.
Damn it! It didn't work?!
No, it didn't.
Sasuke's dead.
No way! Chakra like this...
Liger Bomb!
It's over.
So that's the Raikage's ninja taijutsu.
Sasuke couldn't have survived that.
We didn't need reinforcements.
Huh?
So that's the Mangekyo Sharingan.
Shee, you okay?
Darui...did you settle your fight?
Maybe.
No one's ever lived through that Liger Bomb, until now.
Those bones and stuff... What is he anyway?
I fell for his genjutsu and lost.
I still don't have full control of my body.
Geniuses like him appear once in a while.
Sasuke Uchiha... He's a stubborn one!
Reinforcements?!
Hey Shee... The Uchiha's eye...
Doesn't it seem a bit different from before?
Mangekyo Sharingan?!
I get it. That's what made Lord Raikage activate that much.
He intends to counter with his Teleportation Jutsu.
Maybe I'm too weak against the Lightning Style.
My body's too numb and can't liquefy properly.
Raikage's chakra has grown enormous.
He's at Tailed Beast levels!
Come on, brat!
Amaterasu!
Put out the fire!
It's not ordinary fire! Don't get close to it!
Amaterasu, which ignites anything in its line of sight.
So this is it.
Lateral Bolt of Pain!
Way to go! A shield of Black Flames!
Nothing can match the Raikage's teleportation speed.
If you can't keep up visually, then use a shield that can't be touched!
Now, he won't be able to carelessly attack Sasuke.
He's manipulating the Black Flames?!
He can even change their chakra form!
Don't tell me he's more proficient with the Black Flames than Itachi?
Don't underestimate the Raikage!
Lord Raikage! Impossible...
He's sacrificing his left arm.
You're finished!
Guillotine Drop!
Inferno Style: Flame Control!
He's still in the air!
Sasuke!
Sand!
This is...
Gaara of the Sand.
Wind Scythe Jutsu!
So these are the flames that never burn out, Amaterasu, huh?
You Samurai, get back.
This is a problem for the ninja world.
There is no need for Samurai to become casualties.
Th-Thank you, Lord Kazekage.
What's going on?
Why did you interfere, Kazekage?!
Whether I punish you or not depends on your answer!
If you had continued and performed another attack,
the Black Flames would have further injured you.
Besides, I wish to speak to Sasuke Uchiha.
Boss!
Shee, hurry and stop the bleeding!
I'm going to attack Sasuke the minute you're done.
Yes sir!
Sasuke was able to lay a hand on Lord Raikage,
who was clad in his Lightning Style armor.
And he's still alive despite two heavy attacks.
Amaterasu in his left eye.
And in his right eye,
he has the ability to change the chakra form of Amaterasu's Black Flames,
there's no mistake.
Perhaps Sasuke captured Bee after all.
Does that mean there's still progress occurring in the ninja world?
Your eyes are still as they were in the past.
I once told you that you have eyes like mine.
Eyes that seek strength.
Eyes overflowing with hate and a hunger for blood.
Eyes itching to kill the one who threw you into the hell called solitude.
Making revenge your sustenance resolves nothing.
I learned that lesson personally.
It's not too late for you.
Do not cast yourself into a world where you are all alone, obsessed with hate.
You won't be able to return.
And if I returned? What would I find there?
Forget it, Gaara.
Naruto already failed at convincing him.
He's just a criminal now,
who has fallen to the level of the Akatsuki.
He's not like you.
Besides, neither the Raikage nor the others
who have been victimized by the Akatsuki will remain silent.
After attacking the Five Kage Summit, he's now wanted internationally.
This guy has no future.
Sasuke, you and I are alike.
We've both walked through the darkness of this world.
That's why you should be able to see even the faintest glimmer of light.
In the past and even now.
I closed my eyes long ago.
My goals exist only in the darkness.
Leave your personal feelings out of this.
You are the Kazekage.
Gaara...
I know.
I understand.
Naruto...
You will probably end up fighting Sasuke one day.
Rather...I will throw Sasuke at you.
A battle that was predestined ages ago.
I'll have Sasuke validate the existence of the Uchiha.
Sasuke isn't your toy!
Quit making selfish plans!
You think you can make Sasuke have a change of heart,
like you did with Nagato?
That's just as selfish, Naruto.
Controlling people requires the skill to manipulate the darkness in their souls.
Although, Nagato just happened to be easily influenced by others.
Don't liken Nagato to yourself!
His ways were different, but he truly wished for peace!
But you're different!
You're right.
The existence of the Uchiha...
If that's all you want to validate, why hunt the Tailed Beasts?
Just what is your goal?
What do you hope to accomplish?
Let's see...
If anything, it's to become complete.
Complete?!
What do you mean?!
Talking to you is meaningless.
I'll explain more in an appropriate place.
Our conversation...was quite fun.
So long.
Sasuke...
I'm impressed that you can guard against my Inferno Style so effectively.
Your Ultimate Defense is in good shape.
A-Amazing.
Found them! Danzo's among them!
I must notify Sasuke immediately!
But...there's powerful chakra all around.
So there's a Sensory-Type after all.
It seems the enemy has a Sensory-Type ninja.
They may come here in time.
What do we do?
Nothing for now.
When they arrive, we'll slip out during the chaos.
Stop whispering over there!
Sorry, but I'm a Sensory-Type too.
I'm fully aware that the enemy is on to us.
But you are not to make a move.
We'll deal with the enemy.
It seems this summit is about to become very interesting.
Are you done yet, Shee?!
Just a little longer.
Comrades of the Hidden Sand!
I will fire the first shot!
Press ahead after me!
Right!
Gale Style: Laser Circus!
Secret Red Move: Puppet Triad!
Cyclone Scythe Jutsu!
Sand Shower Barrage!
Sasuke!
W-What is this?!
Gaara... This is even greater than your Ultimate Defense.
Did he use that to guard against my attacks?
This chakra... It's the same as that genjutsu earlier.
This doesn't look good.
Was this what he wanted to test?
This chakra... He's no longer the old Sasuke.
It's too cold.
What is that?
The power...of darkness?
A power that only those
who have awakened the Mangekyo in both eyes can achieve.
This is the third power...
Susano'o.
When I look at you closely,
you of the Uchiha Clan are quite handsome.
Don't interfere!
Such a fine man. What a waste.
I'll at least give you a kiss that will make you melt.
Lady Mizukage is intent on fighting!
Lord Tsuchikage, if you're not going to participate,
please keep your head lowered.
Next time on Naruto Shippuden: "Power of the Five Kage"
Feel free to rampage as you please.
Tune in again!